**subject**  
 *int(2)*  
 Person subject of experiment.  
 This experiment have been carried out with a group of 30 volunteers
within an age bracket of 19-48 years  
 1..30 Id. for each person

**activities**  
 *chr(18)*  
 Activities performed by each person subject of experiment.  
 1. WALKING  
 2. WALKING\_UPSTAIRS  
 3. WALKING\_DOWNSTAIRS  
 4. SITTING  
 5. STANDING  
 6. LAYING

**tBodyAcc-mean()-X**  
 *num(8)* Mean time of body acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAcc-mean()-Y**  
 *num(8)*  
 Mean time of body acceleration on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAcc-mean()-Z**  
 *num(8)*  
 Mean time of body acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAcc-std()-X** *num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in body acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAcc-std()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in body acceleration on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAcc-std()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in body acceleration on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**tGravityAcc-mean()-X** *num(8)*  
 Mean time of gravity acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tGravityAcc-mean()-Y** *num(8)*  
 Mean time of gravity acceleration on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**tGravityAcc-mean()-Z** *num(8)*  
 Mean time of gravity acceleration on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**tGravityAcc-std()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in gravity acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tGravityAcc-std()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in gravity acceleration on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**tGravityAcc-std()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in gravity acceleration on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time in jerk signals of body acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time in jerk signals of body acceleration on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time in jerk signals of body acceleration on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccJerk-std()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Standar deviation of time in jerk signals of body acceleration on X
axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Standar deviation of time in jerk signals of body acceleration on Y
axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Standar deviation of time in jerk signals of body acceleration on Z
axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyro-mean()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time of body gyroscoping on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyro-mean()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time of body gyroscoping on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyro-mean()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time of body gyroscoping on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyro-std()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of body gyroscoping on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyro-std()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of body gyroscoping on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyro-std()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of body gyroscoping on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time in jerk signals of body gyroscoping on X axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time in jerk signals of body gyroscoping on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time in jerk signals of body gyroscoping on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in jerk signals of body gyroscoping on X
axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in jerk signals of body gyroscoping on Y
axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in jerk signals of body gyroscoping on Z
axis.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time in magnitude of the signals in body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccMag-std()**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time in magnitude of the signals in body
acceleration.  
 -1..1

**tGravityAccMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time in magnitude of the signals in gravity acceleration.  
 -1..1

**tGravityAccMag-std()**  
\*num(8)\*\*  
 Standard deviation of time in magnitude of the signals in gravity
acceleration.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time of the magnitude in jerk signals of body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**tBodyAccJerkMag-std()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time of the magnitude in jerk signals of body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time of the magnitude of body gyroscoping.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroMag-std()**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of the magnitude of body gyroscoping.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean time of the magnitude in jerk signals of body gyroscoping.  
 -1..1

**tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of time of the magnitude in jerk signals of body
gyroscoping.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-mean()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of body acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-mean()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of body acceleration on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-mean()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of body acceleration on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-std()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency of body acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-std()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency of body acceleration on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-std()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency of body acceleration on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency of body acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency of body acceleration on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency of body acceleration on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration on X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y**  
*num(8)* Mean frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration on Y
axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-std()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration on
X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration on
Y axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration on
Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration
on X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration
on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency in jerk signals of body acceleration
on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-mean()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of body gyroscoping on X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-mean()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of body gyroscoping on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-mean()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of body gyroscoping on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-std()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency of body gyroscoping on X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-std()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency of body gyroscoping on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-std()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency of body gyroscoping on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency of body gyroscoping on X axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency of body gyroscoping on Y axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of the frequency of body gyroscoping on Z axis.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency in magnitude in body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**fBodyAccMag-std()**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency in magnitude in body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of the magnitude in jerk signals of body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency of the magnitude in jerk signals of
body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of frequency of the magnitude in jerk signals of body
acceleration.  
 -1..1

**fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency in magnitude in body gyroscoping.  
 -1..1

**fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()**  
*num(8)*  
 Standard deviation of frequency in magnitude in body gyroscoping.  
 -1..1

**fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of the magnitude in jerk signals of body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()**  
*num(8)*  
 Mean frequency of the magnitude in jerk signals of body acceleration.  
 -1..1

**fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()**  
*num(8)*  
 Weighted average of frequency of the magnitude in jerk signals of body
gyroscoping.  
 -1..1

**angle(tBodyAccMean,gravity)**  
*num(8)*  
 Angle between the mean time of body acceleration and gravity  
 -1..1

**angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean)**  
*num(8)*  
 Angle between the mean time in jerk signals of body acceleration and
the mean of the gravity  
 -1..1

**angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean)**  
*num(8)*  
 Angle between the mean time of body gyroscoping and the mean of the
gravity  
 -1..1

**angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean)**  
*num(8)*  
 Angle between the mean time in jerk signals of body gyroscoping and the
mean of the gravity  
 -1..1

**angle(X,gravityMean)**  
*num(8)*  
 Angle between the X axis and the mean of the gravity  
 -1..1

**angle(Y,gravityMean)**  
*num(8)*  
 Angle between the Y axis and the mean of the gravity  
 -1..1

**angle(Z,gravityMean)**  
*num(8)*  
 Angle between the Z axis and the mean of the gravity  
 -1..1
